feat(debugging): expand devtools documentation, add debugging in VSCode, closes #628 (#632)
tauri-apps/tauri-docs: docs/guides/08-debugging/application.md

  --> src/main.rs:11:5
   |
11 |     sun += i.to_string().parse::<u64>().unwrap();
   |     ^^^ help: a local variable with a similar name exists: `sum`

error: aborting due to previous error

For more information about this error, try `rustc --explain E0425`.
```

## WebView Console

Right-click in the WebView, and choose `Inspect Element`. This opens up a web-inspector similar to the Chrome or Firefox dev tools you are used to.
You can also use the `Ctrl + Shift + i` shortcut on Linux and Windows, and `Command + Option + i` on macOS to open the inspector.

### Opening Devtools Programatically

You can control the inspector window visibility by using the [`Window::open_devtools`] and [`Window::close_devtools`] functions:

```rust
use tauri::Manager;
tauri::Builder::default()
  .setup(|app| {
    #[cfg(debug_assertions)] // only include this code on debug builds
    {
      let window = app.get_window("main").unwrap();
      window.open_devtools();
      window.close_devtools();
    }
    Ok(())
  });
```

### Using the Inspector in Production

By default the inspector is only enabled in development and debug builds unless you enable it with a Cargo feature.

> #### Create a **debug** build

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Create a Debug Build
```
Bold and such doesn't show up in headings anyway

To create a debug build, run the `tauri build --debug` command.

<Command name="build --debug" />

Like the normal build and dev processes, building takes some time the first time you run this command but is significantly faster on subsequent runs.
The final bundled app has the development console enabled and is placed in `src-tauri/target/debug/bundle`.

> You can also run a built app from the terminal, giving you the Rust compiler notes (in case of errors) or your `println` messages. Browse to the file `src-tauri/target/(release|debug)/[app name]` and either double-click it (note: the terminal closes on errors) or just run it in directly in your console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also run a built app from the terminal, giving you the Rust compiler notes (in case of errors) or your `println` messages. Browse to the file `src-tauri/target/(release|debug)/[app name]` and run it in directly in your console or double-click the executable itself in the filesystem (note: the console closes on errors with this method).
```

> #### Enable the devtools feature

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Enable Devtools Feature
```

To enable the devtools in production builds, you must enable the `devtools` Cargo feature in the `src-tauri/Cargo.toml` file:

```toml
[dependencies]
tauri = { version = "...", features = ["...", "devtools"] }
```

:::warning
The devtools API is private on macOS. Using private APIs on macOS prevents your application from being accepted for the App Store.

> :::

Reviewer: ```suggestion

:::warning
The devtools API is private on macOS. Using private APIs on macOS prevents your application from being accepted for the App Store.
:::

To enable the devtools in production builds, you must enable the `devtools` Cargo feature in the `src-tauri/Cargo.toml` file:

```toml
[dependencies]
tauri = { version = "...", features = ["...", "devtools"] }
```
```

Sometimes you may have an error in your Rust code, and the Rust compiler can give you lots of information. If, for example, `tauri dev` crashes, you can rerun it like this on Linux and macOS:

```bash
RUST_BACKTRACE=1 tauri dev
```

> or like this on MS Windows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
or like this on Windows:
```

For more information about this error, try `rustc --explain E0425`.
```

## WebView Console

> Right-click in the WebView, and choose `Inspect Element`. This opens up a web-inspector similar to the Chrome or Firefox dev tools you are used to.

Reviewer: A quick screenshot here of the actual right-click menu would be a good visual maybe

Reviewer: Also note that which web inspector depends on the OS (macOS being safari's, etc.)

Author: one screenshot for each OS? with tabs?

Reviewer: Could possibly do that, I can grab one of macOS and put it here (and can put the tabs together too)

Reviewer: <img width="204" alt="Screenshot 2022-05-30 at 09 53 16" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/15347255/170955646-4a263268-99b1-4c7b-9f01-27835aed698a.png">

Something like this? It could also be that this is overkill looking at it now ;)

Author: seems like i'm too dumb to make several screenshots the same size and menu position :D

Reviewer: Honestly, don't worry about it, this specific place probably doesn't make sense. And always easy to add them in later if we decide we want to later.

Author: ok PR done then

Reviewer: I think it still makes sense to have a quick blurb about the console being dependent on the OS's default browser (unless I missed that being added in)

Author: yeah i'll add that

> You can also use the `Ctrl+Shift+i` shortcut on Linux and Windows, and `Command+Option+i` on macOS to open the inspector.

Reviewer 2: `Cmd+Option+I` doesn't work on macOS, at least on my OS version

Reviewer: I was also going to ask about this, it's been a bit since I've tested but I couldn't get this to work before (can test with a fresh install of Tauri if you'd like)

Reviewer: Actually, I take it back, working for me on macOS 12.4, Tauri-api rc 6 and Tauri-cli rc 13

Reviewer 2: Must be an OS version thing then, it's not working for me on macOS 10.15

Author: I think the wry implementation only uses a newer API (the devtools API is private so apple can change it a lot). please file an issue on the wry repo @probablykasper I think I can set up a VM and try to fix it

Reviewer 2: Isn't the `Cmd+Opt+I` shortcut provided by the webview itself? `window.open_devtools()` works fine, it's just the shortcut that doesn't work

Author: it's not provided by the webview, we're doing it

Reviewer 2: ah, nice

> You can also use the `Ctrl+Shift+i` shortcut on Linux and Windows, and `Command+Option+i` on macOS to open the inspector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also use the `Ctrl + Shift + i` shortcut on Linux and Windows, and `Command + Option + i` on macOS to open the inspector.
```

> ### Opening the devtools programatically

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Opening Devtools Programatically
```

> You can control the inspector window visibility by using the `Window::open_devtools` and `Window::close_devtools` functions:

Reviewer: Add links to the API docs for these

```rust
use tauri::Manager;
tauri::Builder::default()
  .setup(|app| {
    #[cfg(debug_assertions)] // only include this code on debug builds
    {
      let window = app.get_window("main").unwrap();
      window.open_devtools();
      window.close_devtools();
    }
    Ok(())
  });
```

> ### Using the inspector in production

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Using the Inspector in Production
```

> By default the inspector is only enabled in development and debug builds, unless you enable it with a Cargo feature.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the inspector is only enabled in development and debug builds unless you enable it with a Cargo feature.
```

> - Create a **debug** build

Reviewer: Are this and the below bullet steps to doing this? If so, I'd make them headings (h4) with `1. ` and `2. ` at the beginning

To create a debug build, run the `tauri build --debug` command.

<Command name="build --debug" />

Like the normal build and dev processes, building takes some time the first time you run this command but is significantly faster on subsequent runs.
The final bundled app has the development console enabled and is placed in `src-tauri/target/debug/bundle`.

> You can also run a built app from the terminal, giving you the Rust compiler notes (in case of errors) or your `println` messages. Just find the file `src-tauri/target/(release|debug)/[app name]` and either double click it (but be warned, the terminal closes on errors) or just run it in directly in your console.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also run a built app from the terminal, giving you the Rust compiler notes (in case of errors) or your `println` messages. Browse to the file `src-tauri/target/(release|debug)/[app name]` and either double-click it (note: the terminal closes on errors) or just run it in directly in your console.
```

- Enable the devtools feature

To enable the devtools in production builds, you must enable the `devtools` Cargo feature in the `src-tauri/Cargo.toml` file:

```toml
[dependencies]
tauri = { version = "...", features = ["...", "devtools"] }
```

:::warning

> The devtools API is private on macOS. Using private APIs on `macOS` prevents your application from being accepted for the `App Store`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The devtools API is private on macOS. Using private APIs on macOS prevents your application from being accepted for the App Store.
```

Reviewer: If there's a link to a reference on this their explains why (or just generically why you shouldn't enable private APIs for App Store builds), it would be good to include here.

:::

## Debugging the Core Process

> The Core process is powered by Rust so you can use GDB or LLDB to debug it. You can follow the [Debugging in VSCode] to learn how to use the LLDB VSCode Extension to debug the Core Process of Tauri applications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Core process is powered by Rust so you can use GDB or LLDB to debug it. You can follow the [Debugging in VSCode] guide to learn how to use the LLDB VSCode Extension to debug the Core Process of Tauri applications.
```

> The Core process is powered by Rust so you can use GDB or LLDB to debug it. You can follow the [Debugging in VSCode] to learn how to use the LLDB VSCode Extension to debug the Core Process of Tauri applications.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Core process is powered by Rust so you can use GDB or LLDB to debug it. You can follow the [Debugging in VS Code] to learn how to use the LLDB VS Code Extension to debug the Core Process of Tauri applications.
```

> [Debugging in VSCode]: ./vscode

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Debugging in VS Code]: vs-code
```
